Getting deploy ready. (#9)
celo-org/staked-celo: README.md

yarn lint
```

> ## Deploying to remote networks

Reviewer: The README is primarily public-facing docs. I don't think I'd refer to slack channels here. Primarily provide instructions for general deployments using any unlocked account the user has access to.

Then use the following commands to deploy depending on the desired target environment.
e.g the below command will deploy to the Alfajores network, using the decrypted private key and default Alfajores rpc url.

Alfajores : 
```
yarn deploy:alfajores
```

You may immediately verify the deployment, with the following commands.

Alfajores : 
```
yarn verify:deploy:alfajores
```

You may desire to deploy using an unlocked account in a private note. In that case after running your private node, in that case you can use the following commands :

```
npx hardhat [GLOBAL OPTIONS] stakedCelo:deploy --from <STRING> --tags <STRING> --url <STRING> [--use-private-key]
```

example
```
npx hardhat stakedCelo:deploy  --network alfajores --show-stack-traces --tags core  --url "http://localhost:8545" --from "0xff2694d968246F27093D095D8160E005D5f31e5f" --use-private-key
```
 
Run `npx hardhat help stakedCelo:deploy` for more information.

You may want to run your deployment via a light node using an unlocked account, in that case follow the steps below
### Steps to Run a light node:

Steps to Run a light node:

Step 1: Create and fund an account.

> First export $ALFAJORES_CELO_IMAGE=us.gcr.io/celo-org/geth:alfajores

Reviewer: Agreed, please use code blocks throughout here.

to your shell.

Create a directory called celo-tools , cd into it and run the below command:
docker run -v $PWD:/root/.celo --rm -it $ALFAJORES_CELO_IMAGE account new

Choose empty paraphrase and once ran, it will output the address of the newly created account. Copy this address and export it to your shell as $CELO_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS

i.e export CELO_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS=<YOUR-ACCOUNT-ADDRESS>

Step 2 : Fund the account
Clone the celo-monorepo, then

> cd celo-monorepo/packages/celotool,

Reviewer 2: ditto: code block

Next run this command to fund the newly created account with 1 CELO

> yarn cli account faucet -e alfajores --account $CELO_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS --tokenParams CELO,1

Reviewer 2: ditto: code block

Step 3: 
Run the light node

> docker run --name celo-node -it -v $(pwd):/root/.celo -p 8545:8545 $ALFAJORES_CELO_IMAGE --syncmode lightest --rpc --rpcaddr 0.0.0.0 --rpcapi personal,eth,net --unlock $CELO_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS --allow-insecure-unlock --alfajores --datadir /root/.celo

Reviewer 2: ditto: code block

yarn lint
```

## Deploying to remote networks
Requirement: `gcloud` must be set up and user account must have access staked-celo-alfajores and staked-celo-staging on GCP. 
Next, ensure the environment variables have been decrypted, using `yarn keys:decrypt`.
Then use the following commands to deploy depending on the desired target environment.
For example, the below command will deploy to the Alfajores network, using the decrypted private key, the default Alfajores rpc url and the other variables in `.env.alfajores`. 

Alfajores : 
```
yarn deploy --network alfajores
```

You may immediately verify the deployment, with the following commands.

Alfajores : 
```
yarn verify --network alfajores
```

> You may desire to deploy using an unlocked account in a private node. In that case, you can use the following commands :

Reviewer 2: Perhaps, to be clearer, adding this section under a new heading `## Deploying to local CELO node` that include `### Steps to Run a light node:` && the deploy command.

That way we can have the section where we explained how to run the node and what command to use when deploying using that node.

```
yarn hardhat [GLOBAL OPTIONS] stakedCelo:deploy --from <STRING> --tags <STRING> --url <STRING> [--use-private-key]
```

example
```
yarn hardhat stakedCelo:deploy  --network alfajores --show-stack-traces --tags core  --url "http://localhost:8545" --from "0xff2694d968246F27093D095D8160E005D5f31e5f" --use-private-key
```
 
Run `yarn hardhat help stakedCelo:deploy` for more information.

> You may want to run your deployment via a light node using an unlocked account, in that case follow the steps below

Reviewer 2: nit: add a line before new heading to stay consistent with formating.

### Steps to Run a light node:

Step 1: Create and fund an account.
In your terminal, run the below command

```

> export $ALFAJORES_CELO_IMAGE=us.gcr.io/celo-org/geth:alfajores

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
export ALFAJORES_CELO_IMAGE=us.gcr.io/celo-org/geth:alfajores
```

```

> Then create a directory called `celo-tools` , cd into it and run the below command:

Reviewer 2: nit: `celo-data-dir` instead of `celo-tools`?

I got confused for a second thinking we were using `celotools` from monorepo

yarn lint
```

## Deploying to remote networks

> Deployment can be done from the root of the project by running any of the below commands:
> Requirement : Gcloud must be setup and user account must have access staked-celo-alfajores on GCP. 
> 
> Next you must ensure the environment variables have been decrypted, using `keys:decrypt`.
> 
> Then use the following commands to deploy depending on the desired target environment.
> e.g., the below command will deploy to the Alfajores network, using the decrypted private key and default Alfajores rpc url. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requirement: `gcloud` must be set up and user account must have access staked-celo-alfajores on GCP. 

Next, ensure the environment variables have been decrypted, using `yarn keys:decrypt`.

Then use the following commands to deploy depending on the desired target environment.
For example, the below command will deploy to the Alfajores network, using the decrypted private key and default Alfajores rpc url. 
```

Alfajores : 
```
yarn deploy:alfajores
```

You may immediately verify the deployment, with the following commands.

Alfajores : 
```
yarn verify:deploy:alfajores
```

> You may desire to deploy using an unlocked account in a private note. In that case after running your private node, in that case you can use the following commands :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may desire to deploy using an unlocked account in a private node. In that case, you can use the following commands :
```

```

> npx hardhat [GLOBAL OPTIONS] stakedCelo:deploy --from <STRING> --tags <STRING> --url <STRING> [--use-private-key]

Reviewer: Why `npx`? Can this be `yarn`? Here and elsewhere.

```

example
```
npx hardhat stakedCelo:deploy  --network alfajores --show-stack-traces --tags core  --url "http://localhost:8545" --from "0xff2694d968246F27093D095D8160E005D5f31e5f" --use-private-key
```
 
Run `npx hardhat help stakedCelo:deploy` for more information.

> You may want to run your deployment via a light node using an unlocked account, in that case follow the steps below
> ### Steps to Run a light node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to run your deployment via a light node using an unlocked account, in that case follow the steps below

### Steps to Run a light node:
```

> Steps to Run a light node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Steps to run a light node:
```

> Step 1: Create and fund an account.

Reviewer: Instructions on funding an account can be removed IMO.
